doc(ccm): state that lb feature requires macvlan (#632)
harvester/docs: docs/rancher/cloud-provider.md

- The Harvester virtual machines run as guest Kubernetes nodes are in the same namespace.
- The Harvester virtual machine guests' hostnames match their corresponding Harvester virtual machine names. Guest cluster Harvester VMs can't have different hostnames than their Harvester VM names when using the Harvester CSI driver. We hope [to remove this limitation](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/4396) in a future release of Harvester.

:::note important

The Harvester virtual machines must have the `macvlan` kernel module available. This module is required for the `LoadBalancer` services of DHCP mode to work.

> You can do the following to check whether the kernel module is available or not:

Reviewer: Harvester has many "modes" so we should be specific whenever possible.

> You can do the following to check whether the kernel module is available or not:

Author: Yes, I agree we should be specific. Here, the DHCP mode is relevant to the load balancer's IPAM mode; it differs from the Auto (DHCP) routing mode under the VM Network configuration page.

```shell
# Log into the virtual machine
$ lsmod | grep macvlan
$ sudo modprobe macvlan
modprobe: FATAL: Module macvlan not found in directory /lib/modules/5.14.21-150400.22-default
```

> If the first command does not produce output and the second command displays an error message similar to the one above, it indicates a potential issue.

Reviewer: Consider removing the error message from the preceding code block (since it is already mentioned in the list).

> It is known that SUSE Linux Enterprise 15 Service Pack 4/5/6 minimal cloud images do not include the `macvlan` kernel module by default ([related GitHub issue](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/6418)). These images come with the `kernel-default-base` package pre-installed. However, by installing the `kernel-default` package, the `macvlan` kernel driver will become available. To avoid the need for manual intervention after the guest cluster has been provisioned, it is advisable to customize the cloud image in advance. You can build your own images with openSUSE Build Service (OBS). The key is to remove the `kernel-default-base` package and add the `kernel-default` package in the `Minimal.kiwi` file to ensure that the resulting cloud image is built with the `macvlan` kernel module included. For detailed steps building a customized image, please refer to [Custom SUSE VM Images](../advanced/customsuseimages.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `macvlan` kernel module is not included in SUSE Linux Enterprise 15 Service Pack 4/6 minimal cloud images (see [Issue #6418](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/6418)). Those images contain the [`kernel-default-base`](https://software.opensuse.org/package/kernel-default-base) package, which includes only the base modules. However, the `macvlan` kernel driver becomes available when you install the `kernel-default` package.

To eliminate the need for manual intervention after the guest cluster is provisioned, build your own cloud images using the openSUSE Build Service (OBS). You must remove the `kernel-default-base` package and add the `kernel-default` package in the `Minimal.kiwi` file to ensure that the resulting cloud image includes the `macvlan` kernel module. For more information, see [Custom SUSE VM Images](../advanced/customsuseimages.md).
```
